Add missing endpoints for notification channels (#113)
OpenZeppelin/defender-client: packages/sentinel/README.md

This returns a `NotificationResponse[]` object.

> You can also delete a notification channel. The notification object passed as a parameter should have atleast the `type` and `notificationId` properties assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also delete a notification channel. The notification object passed as a parameter should have at least the `type` and `notificationId` properties assigned.
```

> You can also delete a notification channel. The notification object passed as a parameter should have atleast the `type` and `notificationId` properties assigned.

Author: Missed that, thanks!
